README.rst, before:

-------------------
spacemacs config
-------------------

My configuration for spacemacs. Ideally this would be a layer but for now it is
just a folder in ``~/.emacs.d/private`` containing a few files. To have a
customized ``~/.spacemacs`` I use a symlink.

Installation
-------------

The configuration assumes that the development branch of
`spacemacs <https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs>`_ is checked out to
``~/.emacs.d/`` and that the Fira Code font is available.

Following these instructions will get you started::

   # Optional: download a font supporting fancy symbols from
   # https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/releases/latest (or create one
   # yourself).
   #
   # To install a downloaded font for your user extract the archive to
   # ~/.local/share/fonts, then run fc-cache -f -v.

   # Fetch spacemacs (note that 'develop' is the standard branch at this time so
   # the explicit checkout is not really necessary).
   git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs.git ~/.emacs.d
   (cd ~/.emacs.d && git checkout develop)

   # Fetch this repo
   git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/MauroCalderara/spacemacs_config.git \
      ~/.emacs.d/private/mmc

   # You should also install libtool-bin and cmake to get the used terminal
   # (vterm) working.
   #
   # This here is for Debian based systems:
   #sudo apt-get install libtool-bin cmake
   #
   # While this should work on a MacOS with Homebrew installed
   #brew install gcc cmake libtool

   # Create the symlink for the dot-spacemacs config
   (cd ~ && ln -s .emacs.d/private/mmc/dot_spacemacs.el .spacemacs)

   # Start emacs for the first time (will take a bit of time)
   emacs

   # After quitting the emacs instance above, use 'em' to start your sessions:
   em

There are some helper scripts in ``~/.emacs.d/private/mmc/scripts`` that I find
useful. You might want to add that folder to your path (note that my
`zsh config <https://github.com/MauroCalderara/zsh_config>`_ does that already).


Updating ...
---------------------------------

... my specific config
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Should be pretty simple::

   cd ~/.spacemacs/private/mmc
   git pull


... spacemacs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

e.g. to get the latest developments from upstream. Note that this can break your
configuration, depending on the changes made to the overall spacemacs
development branch::

    cd ~/.spacemacs
    git pull


Customization
---------------

Most changes to the spacemacs configuration happen in ``~/.spacemacs``, which in
this case is a symlink to ``.emacs.d/private/mmc/dot_spacemacs``. I factored some
of my specific settings out into separate files, see
``.emacs.d/private/mmc/config/*.el`` and the ``dotspacemacs/user-config()``
function in ``~/.spacemacs``.

Commit message:

Switch to doom modeline (vim powerline seems broken at the moment)

README.rst, after:

-------------------
spacemacs config
-------------------

My configuration for spacemacs. Ideally this would be a layer but for now it is
just a folder in ``~/.emacs.d/private`` containing a few files. To have a
customized ``~/.spacemacs`` I use a symlink.

Installation
-------------

The configuration assumes that the development branch of
`spacemacs <https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs>`_ is checked out to
``~/.emacs.d/`` and that the Fira Code font is available.

Following these instructions will get you started::

   # Optional: download a font supporting fancy symbols from
   # https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/releases/latest (or create one
   # yourself).
   #
   # To install a downloaded font for your user extract the archive to
   # ~/.local/share/fonts, then run fc-cache -f -v.

   # Fetch spacemacs (note that 'develop' is the standard branch at this time so
   # the explicit checkout is not really necessary).
   git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs.git ~/.emacs.d
   (cd ~/.emacs.d && git checkout develop)

   # Fetch this repo
   git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/MauroCalderara/spacemacs_config.git \
      ~/.emacs.d/private/mmc

   # You should also install libtool-bin and cmake to get the used terminal
   # (vterm) working.
   #
   # This here is for Debian based systems:
   #sudo apt-get install libtool-bin cmake
   #
   # While this should work on a MacOS with Homebrew installed
   #brew install gcc cmake libtool

   # Create the symlink for the dot-spacemacs config
   (cd ~ && ln -s .emacs.d/private/mmc/dot_spacemacs.el .spacemacs)

   # Start emacs for the first time (will take a bit of time)
   emacs

   # If there are weird symbols in the modeline, consider running
   SPC SPC nerd-icons-install-fonts

   # After quitting the emacs instance above, use 'em' to start your sessions:
   em

There are some helper scripts in ``~/.emacs.d/private/mmc/scripts`` that I find
useful. You might want to add that folder to your path (note that my
`zsh config <https://github.com/MauroCalderara/zsh_config>`_ does that already).


Updating ...
---------------------------------

... my specific config
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Should be pretty simple::

   cd ~/.spacemacs/private/mmc
   git pull


... spacemacs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

e.g. to get the latest developments from upstream. Note that this can break your
configuration, depending on the changes made to the overall spacemacs
development branch::

    cd ~/.spacemacs
    git pull


Customization
---------------

Most changes to the spacemacs configuration happen in ``~/.spacemacs``, which in
this case is a symlink to ``.emacs.d/private/mmc/dot_spacemacs``. I factored some
of my specific settings out into separate files, see
``.emacs.d/private/mmc/config/*.el`` and the ``dotspacemacs/user-config()``
function in ``~/.spacemacs``.
